Exceedingly patient seller. Answered my many questions and helped me decide on the correct spec for my grandson. Delivery was fast and well packed. Thank you
Great service had one question which was replied to same day prompt delivery and was very well packed no complaints at all would recommend this seller.
Very helpful and knowledgeable seller. Seller was happy to change my order very easily and with fast delivery. Had a slight problem when I received it, but a collection was arranged to my house and the pc was sent out again on next day Saturday delivery . Very good quality pc and amazing customer service happy to help with any questions.
Trouble free purchase, item arrived quickly, as described, and well packaged. A***** seller.
as described- good communication- prompt delivery - great ebayer
As described, despatched quickly, well packed, arrived in quick time, all is good, excellent Ebayer, Thanks! 5☆☆☆☆☆
What a great company. Helpful from the minute we enquired about a product for my teen daughter. They were full of information and advise and kept us informed of the delivery details too. Can’t recommend enough
Exceptional service. Lots of options to choose from so suits every budget. The delivery was very quick and packaged very well. Great service. Will definitely recommend in the future.
Exactly as listed, fast delivery, and fast/helpful replies with queries. Not a single problem!
Item exactly as described, well packaged and posted promptly.
Fast delivery. Great price. Excellent seller. Thanks
Arrived promptly and well packaged. Would recommend this seller.
As described. Had an issue and it was sorted ASAP with great communication throughout the whole process. Would definitely recommend seller
Quick delivery, well packaged, item as described, very good condition
I would highly recommend this seller ! parcel was late and the seller were very swift to reply to me and resend a replacement ! Thank you.
Really fast shipping. Everything arrived as per item description. Great seller. Recommended
Item as described.Quick Delivery Good Price.Thank You.A+++++++
Very good value for money, brand new, not a superfast PC but very capable at a very reasonable price, would recommend these guys. Delivered on time packaging was extremely good, product worked out of the box, couldn't really ask for more at the price, ty guys
Delivery agent lost first order waited three weeks but informed the seller and he or she reordered and got within four days he paid for express delivery, good show good seller will buy again thank you for your service
Received with thanks, as described. Recommended seller
Excellent product, I'm very happy with it, great seller, well packaged and quick delivery. 100% recommended
One of my very best experiences as a buyer on eBay. Terrific communication combined with the almost immediate dispatch of a first class item = a very strong recommendation.
Great item, perfect for the task. As described, great value, fast dispatch. Thanks!
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE Without doubt, this has been the best purchase experience I have ever made on Ebay. The product was professionally boxed, arrived before time and the computer was seriously, excellent value. I did have a question, I sent the seller, Neelam, an email and he replied within the hour and solved my query. His customer service is seriously, second-to-none! The computer is wonderful and superb value for money. Thanks so much Neelam! :-)
item as per listing, great price, and qick delivery
Very fast delivery and communication from seller. Would use again.
Exactly as described, Excellent quality, Great communication 100% helpful, Very fast dispatch / Delivery, Highly recommended seller.
Items as described. despatched quickly well packed and received on estimated date.
Great purchase - fast delivery and v quick replies to queries. Highly recommend!
It hasn't arrived yet but I like the response time of the seller and the useful responses
Responded quickly to my query. Arrived well packed and quick.
Exactly as described, well packaged and on time.
Item as described. Fast delivery. Recommend ebayer
Prompt delivery, well packaged, good product. Would use this supplier again.
Seller feedback positive. Negative feedback was intended for carrier as parcel never arrived. Couldn’t rate item as haven’t seen it.
I received the item I purchased from you I must say I am incredibly happy with my purchase the item was well packed in very protective packaging, it works perfectly as it should. Highly recommended five star seller. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Extremely well packaged and secure. The Computer was easy to setup and worked from the start. Delighted with our purchase and this supplier. Thank you
Excellent item! Exactly as described, great price. Thank you seller!
As described, arrived on time, just the right amount for a small job I have and in a syringe, so no mess (hopefully).
Good ebayer, prompt delivery.
Very helpful with my query. Fast delivery and exactly as described. Works perfectly.
Item as described, well fast delivery. Thank you very much.
Item great fast delivery A******** ebayer thanks
Excellent service, very fast delivery, would highly recommend
Prompt delivery good updates on delivery very well packaged. A birthday present so not yet been used
Delivery was quick , and great service
Fantastic seller, pc is great. Super fast delivery 👌
They reply fast, the delivery arrived at the estimated day and also the pc is nice. Works fine with the fps I was expecting, it's also fast and should last me long.
As described, on time
Very fast replies to queries - seller highly recommended.
Excellent product service and packing, thank you!
Excellent Seller. Fast dispatch. Would highly recommend.
Wrong size, was looking for a 9.5mm. Seller was happy to refund.
The computer is blazing fast! I'm very satisfied with the purchase. The seller was very responsive too. Awesome stuff!
Great item fast delivery Great ebayer AAAAA+ Thank You
Great item well packaged and delivered quickly works a treat would use again if needs be
Fast delivery and great service
Arrived well packaged. Looks good. Easy to set up and works well.
Great product excellent service fast deliver 5🌟
As described delivered as promised thank you
Quick delivery, quality item, Thanks! Top eBayer
Fast shipping, great price and fast postage, many thanks.
Arrived Safely and well packaged thank you
Item packaged very well, delivered promptly and item appears to be in good condition. Many thanks!
fast post, great rom, xelent ebayer, credit 2 ebay community.
As described and quickly sent - thanks for the bargain
Good seller item as stated inlisting
Package arrived on schedule and i had No issues at all! 10/10 would buy from this seller again!
Worked a treat! Many thanks! Arrived as described! A++++!
A**** seller fast delivery
Fast delivery, item as described.
Arrived overnight so impressed 😀 great service perfect for modding my switch
Great seller. Fab item fast delivery
Excellent seller and item best £75 I've spent in a long-time thank you
all good as described, arrived on time thanks
Thanks, just as described speedy delivery.
Excellent seller fast dispatch and delivery would definitely recommend to anyone
No problems with the transaction, seller was extremely helpful. Anyone buying windows 11, it takes over your life
Fab seller, exactly what I needed. Very quick delivery super service. A+
As described, fast shipping highly recommended many thanks.
Item delivered perfectly with good packaging buy again
Excellent Service . Quick Delivery and a Very Good Product ...
Super fast delivery. Item as described.
Great service speedy delivery
very happy with my order got it very fast and what i order. brilliant people to buy from.
Item as described with very quick delivery
Exactly as described, quick delivery, very satisfied.
Good communication. The items I ordered were posted before Christmas and appear to be lost in transit. After sending a message to the sellers I received an immediate refund and was told to keep the item if they eventually arrive
Brilliant customer service. Really helpful. PC is fab and as described. Can play fortnite Roblox etc with no lag. Very happy
Very happy with what I ordered. Very good service
Great price great product and fast delivery
Item didn't arrive,had to contact seller,who apologized and resent item again so took a bit longer to arrive than planned ,arrived quickly so pleased with response .
Great price and fast delivery time. Many thanks
Great service great product at a reasonable price my son loves it
Had to return PC to seller as no HDMI slot and thus wouldn’t work with new Dell 27 inch Monitor I had acquired.Not their fault. Returned it to them and 48 hrs later had PC back, with new HDMI slot and GraphicsCard, no extra cost. Take my hat off to them. Said would all work fine on return and indeed so far it has and it’s much quicker. I would indeed recommend them to potential purchasers. It was a 2014 Dell PC with windows 11 all refurbed and I thought the price was good too. Fingers Crossed!
Great value PC - as described - recommended!
As described and fast delivery.
Excellent seller as described, Fast delivery
As described. Well packed. Many thanks.
Well packaged, arrived quickly. Very helpful seller
Arrived quickly, slight problem with boot up as a cable came lose in transit and the WiFi adapter was missing but the seller sorted both within a day.
Nice easy to use product and arrived on time. I would buy from this seller again, thank you.
I bought 2 PCs from this seller, one had a small fault. They refunded me with absolutely no quibble and so i bought another from them, which works perfectly. Highly recommended.
As described and safely received. Thanks.
Arrived 1 month after ordering. Seller gave a swift refund after 10 days which was appreciated.
Great eBayer item as described much appreciated
Arrived quickly as described
Item as described, recommended seller
Very good, delivery was very fast. Had the pc about 2 months now and so far so good. Son plays basic games on it such as roblox, left 4 dead and garrys mod and they allmrun fine. Very good value.
Happy with DVD Rewriter; as described, fast delivery, well packaged; good Ebayer.
Arrived well in time, good service
Great item at a great price and very fast delivery.
Quick dispatch, item does what it's designed to do. Would recommend this seller.
Excellent service super fast delivery A+++
As advertised and fast postage thank you
Looks like new well packaged and on time with no issues
exactly as described, fast free delivery, thanks
Great ebayer fast delivery
awesome speed with postage many thanks will use again if needed 5*s
Very good stuff. High quality. Best price on EBay. Good seller..
Good buy from this seller ( had a problem but sorted it straight away good help on email thumbs 👍 up.
Delivered on time,item as description.
Arrived as stated, on time Excellent condition and would recommend.
Items came fast and well packaged. A trusted seller. Thank you
arrived thank you great service